doc(release): prepare release notes for OSS 23.10 (#3205)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.11

Release date: `April 9, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [API] Added dashboards list ordering possibilities for creator, creation date and update date.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [API] Fixed an issue with categories in POST service and service template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Fixed an issue where categories did not appear in service and service template creation responses.
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 23.10.6

Release date: `April 9, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - Fixed a bug on service auto discovery where only half of the host was correctly discovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug affecting service auto discovery, where only half of the host was correctly discovered.
```
